src/lib/st-sidebar/st-sidebar-item-list/README.md, before:

# SidebarItemList (Component)

   The sidebar item list component has been designed to display a list of items in a sidebar.

## Inputs

| Property | Type            | Req   | Description                          | Default |
| -------- | --------------- | ----- | ------------------------------------ | ------- |
| items    | StSidebarItem[] | False | List of items displayed on the menu  | ''      |
| deep     | Number          | False | Deep of the item list in the sidebar | 0       |
| active   | String          | False | The id of the current active item    | ''      |

## Outputs

| Property | Type          | Description                                                              |
| -------- | ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| change   | StSidebarItem | Event emitted when the active item is changed. This emit the active item |

## Example


```html
<st-sidebar-item-list [items]="items"
      (change)="onChange($event)"
      [active]="active"
      [deep]="deep">
</st-sidebar-item-list>
```

## Models

*Sidebar items* (StSidebarItem)

```typescript
export interface StSidebarItem {
    id: string;
    label: string;
    class ? : string;
    items ? : StSidebarItem[];
}
```

Commit message:

[SAAS-155] feat(st-sidebar): Add functionality to display it as a complex mode , disabled items and a search mode (#612)
* [SAAS-155] feat(st-sidebar): Add functionality to display it as a complex mode , disabled items and a search mode

* Fix error

* Fix styles

* Apply requested changes

src/lib/st-sidebar/st-sidebar-item-list/README.md, after:

# SidebarItemList (Component)

   The sidebar item list component has been designed to display a list of items in a sidebar.

## Inputs

| Property   | Type                | Req   | Description                               | Default                      |
| ---------- | ------------------- | ----- | ----------------------------------------- | ---------------------------- |
| items      | StSidebarItem[]     | False | List of items displayed on the menu       | ''                           |
| deep       | Number              | False | Deep of the item list in the sidebar      | 0                            |
| visualMode | StSidebarVisualMode | False | Visual mode used to display the item list | 'StSidebarVisualMode.normal' |
| active     | String              | False | The id of the current active item         | ''                           |

## Outputs

| Property | Type          | Description                                                              |
| -------- | ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| change   | StSidebarItem | Event emitted when the active item is changed. This emit the active item |

## Example


```html
<st-sidebar-item-list [items]="items"
      (change)="onChange($event)"
      [active]="active"
      [deep]="deep">
</st-sidebar-item-list>
```

## Models

*Sidebar items* (StSidebarItem)

```typescript
export interface StSidebarItem {
    id: string;
    label: string;
    class ? : string;
    items ? : StSidebarItem[];
    result ? : string;
}
```
