src/lib/st-form/README.md, before:

# Dynamic form (Component)

   The form component allows to generate forms dynamically using a JSON schema.

## Inputs

| Property               | Type    | Req   | Description                                                                                   | Default                          |
| ---------------------- | ------- | ----- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------- |
| schema                 | Any     | False | JSON schema needed to generate the form                                                       |                                  |
| parentName             | String  | False | Name of the parent section. By default, it is undefined                                       |                                  |
| nestingLevel           | String  | False | This informs about the nesting level of the form. This input is only used for design purposes | 0                                |
| forceValidations       | Boolean | False | Boolean to force the field validations                                                        |                                  |
| disabledSectionMessage | String  | False | Message displayed when a section is disabled. This is always displayed after the section name | 'for this instance is disabled.' |

## Outputs

| Property    | Type | Description                                                            |
| ----------- | ---- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| valueChange | Any  | Event emitted when value is changed. This emits the current form value |

## Example


```html
<st-form [schema]="jsonSchema"
      [(ngModel)]="model"
      #formModel="ngModel">
</st-form>
```

Commit message:

feat(st-form)[NA]: Allow to display description of sections (#593)
* feat(st-form)[NA]: Allow to display section descriptions

* Fix styles

src/lib/st-form/README.md, after:

# Dynamic form (Component)

   The form component allows to generate forms dynamically using a JSON schema.

## Inputs

| Property                | Type    | Req   | Description                                                                                                | Default                          |
| ----------------------- | ------- | ----- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------- |
| schema                  | Any     | False | JSON schema needed to generate the form                                                                    |                                  |
| parentName              | String  | False | Name of the parent section. By default, it is undefined                                                    |                                  |
| nestingLevel            | String  | False | This informs about the nesting level of the form. This input is only used for design purposes              | 0                                |
| forceValidations        | Boolean | False | Boolean to force the field validations                                                                     |                                  |
| disabledSectionMessage  | String  | False | Message displayed when a section is disabled. This is always displayed after the section name              | 'for this instance is disabled.' |
| sectionDescriptionLevel | Number  | False | Level of the section to which description is displayed.By default, section descriptions are not displayed. | -1                               |

## Outputs

| Property    | Type | Description                                                            |
| ----------- | ---- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| valueChange | Any  | Event emitted when value is changed. This emits the current form value |

## Example


```html
<st-form [schema]="jsonSchema"
      [(ngModel)]="model"
      #formModel="ngModel">
</st-form>
```
